so what about the person who refuses to
prostrate not a prostration of respect
but a prostration of worship not a
prostration to the creation but a
prostration to the creator of the
heavens and the earth subhanahu
wa'ta'ala Lila
what about this person the prayer is a
very important part of a Muslims faith
in fact if a person does not pray many
many scholars of Islam have held that
this person has left the fold of Islam
he's become an apostate indeed the
messenger of allah sallallahu alayhi wa
sallam said in Eliezer and let the vain
in our Bay Nahum Isola from enterica
have forged kapha he mentioned the
disbelievers and he said that the
Covenant the distinguishing line the
covenant between us and them is the
prayer so whomsoever leaves it has
disbelieved the prophet sallallaahu Ali
was sallam said that the prophets like
Salem said that Allah has obligated five
prayers
whoever excellently performs their
ablutions they will do praise them in
their proper times completes their
bowing their prostrations and for sure
and concentration humility and some
submissiveness to Allah whoever does
this has a promise from allah subhanaw
taala that he will forgive him and
whoever does not do that that he has no
promise from Allah that he may either
forgive him or punish him in fact Allah
breda even her save he mentioned that
the prophets like salem said do not
leave an obligatory prayer intentionally
for whoever leaves it intentionally has
been absolved from any protection and we
know that an Islamic state must protect
all of its Muslim citizens
this is showing that the person who does
not pray he's been absolved for all of
this from any responsibility from the
Islamic state in fact Pereda of the
eleven who reported that the messenger
of a lost life Salim said whoever misses
the Asura prayer deliberately his deeds
will be rendered null and void
likewise in a hadith that sends shivers
down your spine the prophets align Selim
he mentioned the prayer one day and he
said whoever guards them he will have
light proof and safety and whoever does
not guard them will neither have light
nor proof nor safety and on the day of
judgment he will be with Karan with
Pharaoh with obey even caliph and with
Herman let's look at least four people
the person who does not guard his prayer
he will be with Pharaoh who is Pharaoh
Pharaoh is an enemy of musa alayhi salam
in fact he's the one parlor inaudible
kamal allah as allah says he's the one
who said i am your lord the most high
this person will be with her man who is
herman Pharaoh of Musa and in Salam he
told her man to build a staircase to the
heavens so that he could see the god of
Musa Ani soretoza now obey even caliph
who is obey even caliph he's an enemy of
the Prophet Muhammad sallallaahu I am
Salim and Karan is an enemy of moosa
aleihsalaam so here you have the enemies
of the Prophet in fact some of the worst
people have ever stepped foot on this
planet unless messenger sallallaahu you
seldom is saying that whoever does not
guard his prayer will be with these
people on the day of judgement he's not
saying whoever doesn't pray completely
he's saying whoever doesn't guard his
prayer all of his prayers will be with
this people with these types of people
on the day of judgement in fact our
delight in Shaquille he said that the
Companions of the Prophet sallallaahu
are you Selim
they did not think that neglecting
made a person a disbeliever an apostate
accept the leaving of the prayer and
this is reported by 10 million Hakeem
who classed it as authentic according to
the conditions of Bukhari and Muslim so
it is true that the scholars have
differed about this matter some scholars
have said that a person who does not
pray out of negligence he becomes a
disbeliever and other scholars have said
no he's a sinner and it depends on the
will of Allah subhana Allah whether
allowance to punish him or leave him
however they are all united that the one
who who doesn't believe in the
obligation of the five prayers then he
has disbelieved and he's become an
apostate but the point here is not to
discuss the difference of opinion among
the scholars the point here is to look
at these hadith and think about this
would you want to be brother or sister
would you like to be from among those
people who are with Pharaoh
on the day of judgement Allah protect us
with her man with obey even caliphs with
karun with these types of people